Scrub PSP docs for 1.25 (#33512)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/security/pod-security-admission.md

As a beta feature, Kubernetes offers a built-in _Pod Security_ {{< glossary_tooltip
text="admission controller" term_id="admission-controller" >}}, the successor

> to the former `PodSecurityPolicy` API. Pod security restrictions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to the `PodSecurityPolicy` API, which was removed in Kubernetes v1.25. Pod security restrictions
```

are applied at the {{< glossary_tooltip text="namespace" term_id="namespace" >}} level when pods
are created.

{{< note >}}
The PodSecurityPolicy API was [removed](/docs/reference/using-api/deprecation-guide/#v1-25) from Kubernetes in v1.25.

> {{< /note >}}

Reviewer: If you add the previous suggestion, you can remove this note
